yo guest a very good day all here
and today you hear arjan thinking what the
fuck is this this is minecraft
yes i know and i'm sitting here on one
special server that I have with some friends
app includes mark of our boys
on it
joost is on it maybe you can't
know but joost now I throw upload
October daily no just like fabian and
jelle and also tom is there and therefore radio
davy
and he's just as much as in Netherlands
just record it on today
Thursday it's really the same weather as
just looking for a freaking netherlands
crapware
but we go down for a moment
because i'm a globe i just sit here
underground this is my water i lift
I have my entire house with water lifts
this episode is special because
a kind of question because I put this
survival server with some friends
so and danny want to see things there
u well there see things that you
think of all so low in fat if you like that
upload or simply record
for example a survival series or
just from that man
or if you go on a special mission
somewhere
then leave it behind and I will go there
take a look and i'm fucking
I have transported far too much better
potatoes
so my very nice room i can sleep on
is it night
well that won't be possible and budget
equally plotted for when people are difficult
going to do currently there is no one in the
server above me but you never know
when people log in this is in three forms
trees your pants hashtag y'all oostwijk
Here buy windows robbers here hot spare
the family look how giant type
phone numbers has really huge
grab here right away or shape this is just
my party shape and I had
so really a lot of lots of box
david crazy by my over stole so full
I mean that I have so much water
So here I am your lies portell
so they bury the carrots there and the
chickens here also shares so gets there
gladly grown for something for the chicken
pair
well you know i give them all green
of ion a thousand names because or i like it
but here for a carrot all
go in the man nice oh how nice and there
by the way, you see my cooking room that is sitting
just do this to it
very badly done but yes the
I don't care
and what else do I have what it's worth
to show
i also have uc millions of kees farmer
that's just my balloon and pumpkin
form there we did for the moment
off through the crop and here on you everywhere
pumpkins and melons and other species
shit so i really have an abundance of it
food and I think this water dearest
actually pretty smile
I mean I have to take care of my chef
name I mean I just have here
everywhere they walk alongside each other
somewhere and here i have free porn
pork chop puja on it
many pig here the knife that grow
here the pigs really grow against cake
or wanted to be in here already
well that is not so bad I have sometimes
more god but here i am all being
have to let babs get penalties
my more pigs directly with chickens
where by the way really fucking many own
of us will not really Runs now
it does include what eggs are already
a nice look and this jazz here
just park back and forth and it too
dust fucking for so many fucking eggs
all right I and what do you know
fork it I will fire you if you get there
run so well because you should not do
so private train
you also have to stay here but so bit
my
underwater world in those trees that form
I don't necessarily have to leave it in it
mean that is very simple and here I have
my mind where i mind is nevertheless a whole
long corridor universe and water tunnel
below
here i have one and train trek to it
normal town and here I have another 2
back to jelle's house but if
you now have something like arjan so fat
we have something specific about this
server then leaves it behind and then I can
let's see what I think of you
you can do because i love it
minecraft i mean i can and
sometimes groups spend time on
and so here I also have some time and
put into this project you get this
all so build underground
solid really a mole from school in the
time i 'm fuck you that if you do that
I still know things in the kingdom x
faction as nowadays whole and active
but I think I will be with you undertake
we also built tales underground so yes
taken from that a bit
only water lifts i have pass is this one
server in a matter of couples show
coppelstock us at cobblestone a lot
shit on all stand here and oh shit
nice hear this woman is very tall
for heavy the name
overpowered sword holy shit i couldn't
from my words only a headache
taste with show plus 3
break 3 and fire bacon two can still
more at work and these bows straw
They also greatly power these 4 and boast
FLIR breaking three men find Timon
that right beast if you have something like that
from arjan we want more of these
service
then let us know if you want
guided tours of the houses of others
or you want to look deeper and deeper
in my house or something or you know that
I am something specific or something or you
want nice trips to go let it
but know
and then let's see what
we can do that and maybe also
websites with other people who are on this
server and we agree
just have a look and I am here
I think the top is for me
he on a mountain twins the top of
my house from my water tunnel and it
is still so bad weather on asshole
do you want comfort is tree form of easy
woensel boys sitting there then you just see
tip of his boat, the boat
built with it and you remain faithful
horse and there is house of fabian allowed
what kind of horse is there I mean that
horse looks very much like mine
horse
because I also have such a white horse and you saw
I'm faithful to his spider you go so okay
but I want to see if I want to see how
is called the horse
because I also had a white horse
ok so probably better horse
then i have this is o has no name
also has your things with you
arjen horse arm ear and saddle
ok chill very nice part i can go here
I go down briefly my part
show quickly because I have my horse
I really have a laugh laugh laugh
laugh name given
and actually you like this house
don't see this is the home of
fabian but we just do it
hashtag yolo
because only a short way in
this is my horse sylvestre imagine
I was once in such a server
at least i sat here i eat you with the
guys to talk i think so far toulon
what if you have a horse mars drivers
to imagine you they saw my horse like that
called
so just our flour of fat and that's one
server so what's behind what you
find it
if you want to see much more shit and
yes or your specific things have those in it
see this server and then I can see the
all looking for
because if I spend my time here yes
I can sometimes record something if you
that would like
so leave it behind and I will come
really really tea box in the stream not
more normal I will go back soon because
it's shit guys outside let it
know exactly what you want
and then see you next time
imagine you would see something
specifically guys whose watch late
a thumbs up behind
until next time and news